Q. No.Assessment Questions (AWS)1Create IAM Policy which grants access to S3 bucket Only.2What will be the outcome of this IAM Policy?
{
"Version": "2012-10-17",
"Statement": [{
"Action": "ec2:*",
"Resource": "*",
"Effect": "Allow"
},
{
"Action": "*",
"Resource": "*",
"Effect": "Deny"
}
]
}3Steps to launch EC2 Instance4Steps for Hosting a Static Website on Amazon S35Steps to create public and private subnets in VPC
Answers:
1.  Create IAM Policy which grants access to S3 bucket only.
{
    "Version": "2012-10-17",
    "Statement": [
        {
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": “s3.*”
            "Resource": "*"
        }
        {
            "Effect": "Deny",
            "Action": "*",
            "Resource": “*”
            ]
        }
    ]
}
2. What will be the outcome of this IAM Policy 
For the action of EC2 instance using any resources, will be allowed adnt for any other actions using any other resources will be denied according to the IAM Policy.

3. Steps to launch EC2 Instance
1) Log in to AWS Management Console
2) Select Region
3) Click EC2 under compute section
4) Select Launch instance and select the AMI (Amazon Machine Image) 
5) Select instance type (computing power config etc.)
6) Configure all details and add storage
7) Tag Instance (key, value)
8) Configure security group (add ports etc.)
9) Check all settings and launch instance
10) Download key pair
11) Select instance and click connect
12) Copy Public IP address and click get password
13) Get the password(decrypt) by providing the key pair
14) Use the Public IP and Password and login to the instance using the Remote Desktop Connection on Windows

4. Steps for Hosting a Static Website on Amazon S3	
1) Go to AWS Console
2) Select S3
3) Create Bucket: Name the bucket and select region
4) Verify the created bucket
5) Click on bucket properties 
6) Click static website hosting option
7) Select use this bucket to host a website
8) Enter index.html as Index Document
9) Add a CNAME record with key as CNAME and value as the url (optional)
10) Upload the file and make it public
11) Verify the website (By using the url or the link in the properties tab of html file)



5. Steps to create public and private subnets in VPC

1) Navigate to VPC and click on Create VPC
2) Name the VPC, mention the IPv4 CIDR Block and click Create
3)  To create subnets, navigate to Subnets and select the VPC
4) Create a subnet named Private: Select VPC, Availability Zone, IPv4 CIDR Block and click create
5) Create a subnet named Public the similar way as above
6) To make the subnet public create an internet gateway
7) Navigate to internet gateways, click on create internet gateway
8) Select the VPC for which you want to attach your Internet Gateway. Click on Attach.
9) To manage traffic using route tables, navigate to route table and click on create a route table
10)  Name the route table and select the VPC for which the rote table is created and click create
11)  Click on add routes and mention the destination 0.0.0.0/0 (Public) and select the target gateway
12)  Attach the public subnet to the route table. Select the public subnet and navigate to route table and click on edit route table association
13)  Select the route table and save
14)  Thus, creating a public and private subnet in VPC.
