
Assessments questions (GCP)1Steps to create VPC and subnets2Steps to create a service account and add IAM roles which grants access to GCE and GCS only3Steps to create bucket and transfer files from local to GCS using gsutil4Steps to create GCE VM and deploy nginx
Answers:
1. Steps to create VPC and subnets
1. Go to the VPC network page in the Google Cloud Console
2. Click on Create VPC
3. Enter a Unique name for your VPC
4. Select a region
5. Choose a custom mode for the Subnet Creation Mode
6. Provide a name for the Subnet
7. Select a region
8. Enter an IP address range (10.1.2.0/24)
9. Click on secondary IP address range to provide such
10. Choose whether to enable private Google access
11. Choose whether to enable VPC flow log (log record of a sample network that is sent and received by the VM instances
12. To add more subnets, click on the tab and repeat the previous methods
13. Choose dynamic routing mode for VPC network and say create
14. After creating a network, you can create firewall rules

2. Steps to create a service account and add IAM roles which grants access to GCE and GCS only
1. To create a service account the user must be granted a service account admin role or the editor primitive role
2. Open service accounts page in console
3. Click select a project and chose your project
4. Click create service account 
5. Enter name, description, role and save
6. Go to roles page 
7. Select organization
8. Create role
9. Enter name, title, description
10. Click add permissions
11. Select the GCE and GCS Services and save
12. Open IAM & Admin page
13. Select project and chose the project and click open
14. Identify the service account to add roles and click edit 
15. Select the roles

3. Steps to create bucket and transfer files from local to GCS using gsutil
1. Open Cloud Storage
2. Click on create bucket
3. Enter the bucket information like unique name, choose standard for storage class and location
4. Chose set object level and bucket level permissions
5. Click on create
6. gsutil cp -r dir gs://my-bucket

4. Steps to create GCE VM and deploy nginx
1. Go to VM Instance Page
2. Select project and click continue
3. Click create instance
4. Specify the name of the instance
5. In the Container section, select the Deploy a container image to this VM instance checkbox
6. Specify the Container image to use
a. For example, you can specify gcr.io/cloud-marketplace/google/nginx1:1.12 to select an NGINX 1.12 container image from Cloud Launcher.
b. If you use a container image from Docker Hub, always specify the full Docker image name. For example, specify the following image name to deploy an Apache container image: docker.io/httpd:2.4
7. Optionally, click advanced container options. For more information, see Configuring options to run your container.To permit HTTP or HTTPS traffic click Allow HHTP or Allow HTTPS traffic
8. Click Create to create the instance, boot the instance, and launch the container 
